"Begin by knowing that you have already arrived" - Chiang:
"Most people are never going to die because they're never going to be born." - Richard Dawkins:
"Action expresses priorities" - Gandhi:
"When you are faced with the possibility of an early death, it makes you realise that there are lots of things you want to do before your life is over" - Stephen Hawking:
"Either we are alone in the Universe or we are not. Both are equally terrifying" - Arthur C. Clarke:
"The gulls who scorn perfection for the sake of travel go nowhere, slowly. Those who put aside travel for the sake of perfection go anywhere, instantly." - Chiang:
"A river cuts through rock, not because of its power, but because of its persistence." — James N. Watkins:
"Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones that you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover." - Minecraft:
"Let everything happen to you. Beauty and terror. Just keep going. No feeling is final." - Rainer Maria Rilke:
"Look again at that dot. That's here. That's home. That's us. On it everyone you love, everyone you know, everyone you ever heard of, every human being who ever was, lived out their lives. The aggregate of our joy and suffering, thousands of confident religions, ideologies, and economic doctrines, every hunter and forager, every hero and coward, every creator and destroyer of civilization, every king and peasant, every young couple in love,  every mother and father, hopeful child, inventor and explorer, every teacher of morals, every corrupt politician, every superstar, every supreme leader,  every saint and sinner in the history of our species lived there-on a mote of dust suspended in a sunbeam" - Carl Sagan:
"Learning is finding out what you already know. Doing is demonstrating that you already know it. Teaching is reminding others that they know just as well as you. You are all learners, doers, teachers." - Donald Shimoda:
"Your only obligation in any lifetime is to be true to yourself. Being true to anyone else or anything else is not only impossible, but the mark of a fake messiah." - Donald Shimoda:
"The simplest questions are the most profound. Where were you born? Where is your home? Where are you going? What are you doing? Think about these once in a while, and watch your answers change." - Donald Shimoda:
“Happiness is not a station you arrive at, but a manner of travelling.” - Margaret Lee Runbeck:
"Everything has its wonders, even darkness and silence... and I learn, whatever state I may be in, therin to be content" - Hellen Keller:
"We are all born in cages with the door open. It's up to us to choose whether we leave the comfort of that cage to seek adventure" - Dean Karnazes:
"Don't be afraid to admit when you don't know something. The smartest people out there are also the ones learning the most each day." - Captian Sparklez:
"Failure is the opportunity to begin again. Only this time, more wisely." - Kung Fu Panda:
"However bad life may seem, there is always something you can do, and succeed at. While there's life, there is hope." - Stephen Hawking:
"Everything in this book may be wrong." - Messiah's Handbook:
"Focussing and investing yourself into something you are passionate about will always yield better results, than scattering yourself, spreading yourself thin and trying to focus on too many passions at once." - Casey Neistat:
"Any powerful idea is absolutely fascinating and absolutely useless until you decide to put it to work." - Messiah's Handbook:
"Everything is exactly as it is for a reason. The crumb on your table is no mystical reminder of this morning's cookie, it is there because you have chosen not to remove it. No exceptions." - Donald Shimoda:
"You’re not going to master the rest of your life in one day. Just relax. Master the day. Then just keep doing that every day." - Unkown:
"I do not exist to impress the world. I exist to live my life in a way that will make me happy." - Donald Shimoda:
"You're always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past." - Donald Shimoda:
"I don't wanna live the wrong life and then die. I am at my best when I am escaping." - Miranda, from Station Eleven:
"'You don't do anything. Cosmic Law, remember? Like attracts like. Just be who you are, calm and clear and bright. Automatically, as we shine who we are, asking ourselves every minute is this what I really want to do, doing it only when we answer yes, automatically that turns away those who have nothing to learn from who we are and attracts those who do, and from whom we have to learn, as well.' 'But that takes a lot of faith, and meanwhile you get pretty lonely.'. - Donald Shimoda:
"You are led through your lifetime by the inner learning creature, the playful spiritual being that is your real self. Don't turn away from possible futures before you're certain you don't have anything to learn from them. You're always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past." - Messiah's Handbook:
"If a problem can be solved there is no use worrying about it. If it can't be solved, worrying will do no good." - Dalai Lama:
"If you really want to do something, you'll find a way. If you don't, you'll find an excuse." - Jim Rohn:
"The inner machinations of my mind are an enigma” - Patrick Star:
"You cannot change fate. However, you can rise to meet it, if you so choose." - Hii-sama from Princess Mononoke:
"These days, there are angry ghosts all around us - dead from wars, sickness, starvation - and nobody cares. So you say you're under a curse? So what? So's the whole damn world." - Jigo from Princess Mononoke:
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started." - Mark Twain:
"There are many differences between humans and the rest of the species on Earth, but one that has been expressed is that we alone are able to imagine the future. For a long time, I and perhaps you have dreaded that future. But it's now becoming apparent that it's not all doom and gloom. There's a chance for us to make amends, to complete our journey of development, manage our impact, and once again become a species in balance with nature. All we need is the will to do so. We now have the opportunity to create the perfect home for ourselevs, and restore the rich, healthy, and wonderful world that we inherited. Just imagine that." - David Attenborough:
"If we can change the way we live on Earth, an alternative future comes into view. In this future, we discover ways to benefit from our land that help, rather than hinder widlerness. Ways to fish our seas that enable them to come quickly back to life. And ways to harvest our forests sustainably. We will finally learn how to work with nature rather than against it. In the end, after a lifetime exploration of the living world, I'm certain of one thing. It's not about saving our planet, it's about saving ourselves. The truth is, with or without us, the natural world will rebuild. However grave our mistakes, the natural world will overcome them. The living world will endure. We humans cannot presume the same." - David Attenborough:
"The living world will endure. We humans cannot presume the same. We've come this far because we are the smartest creatures that have ever lived. But to continue, we require more than intelligence. We require wisdom." - David Attenborough:
"Life is suffering. It is hard. The world is cursed. But still, you find reasons to keep living." - Osa from Princess Mononoke:
"But remember this, Japanese boy - airplanes are not tools for war, they are not for making money. Airplanes are beautiful dreams. Engineers turn dreams into reality." - Caproni from The Wind Rises:
"There are days when the sun does not shine and the rain does not pour, but the sky sinks quietly into itself, wraps itself up, is gray but not black, sultry, but not with the tension of an imminent thunderstorm." - Joseph Knecht:
"For a committed man, there is no such thing as failure, only lessons learnt" - Nathan Steele:
"Running pain is not from running itself. It's from how we interact with the ground." - Someone:
"Don't compete with anyone, but compete with yourself" - Eluid Kipchoge:
"Running is nothing more than a series of arguments between the part of your brain that wants to stop and the part that wants to keep going." - Someone:
"I think there's a very fine line between creating chaos because of the adventure, and creating chaos because of a dependency on it" - Donnie from Don't Worry He Won't Get Far on Foot:
"This great evil, where's it come from? How'd it steal into the world? What seed, what root did it grow from? Who's doing this? Who's killing us, robbing us of life and light, mocking us with the sight of what we might've known? Does our ruin benefit the earth, does it help the grass to grow, the sun to shine? Is this darkness in you, too? Have you passed through this night?" - Edward Train from The Thin Red Line:
"having too many options can keep you from committing to any one of them; the bigger the menu, the harder it is to feel like you ordered the right meal" - David Ehrlich:
"I wasted so much time worrying about what could go wrong. But what did go wrong was never the things I worried about" - Aksel from 'The Worst Person in the World' film:
"This is another great difference between our civilization and yours. You admire the man who pushes his way to the top in any walk of life, while we admire the man who abandons his ego." - Pema Lhaki:
"At my age the candles cost more than the cake. I'm not afraid of dying. I'm afraid I haven't been alive enough. It should be written on every school room blackboard: Life is a playground, or nothing" - Nemo from Mr Nobody:
"There comes a time in life where everything seems narrow. Choices have been made. I can only continue on. I know myself like the back of my hand. I can predict my every reaction. My life has been cast in cement with airbags and seatbelts. I've done everything to reach this point and now that I'm here, I'm fucking bored. The hardest thing is knowing whether I'm still alive" - Nemo from Mr Nobody:
"Every path is the right path. Everything could've been anything else. And it would have just as much meaning." Nemo from Mr Nobody:
"Once upon a time, I wanted to know what love was. Love is there if you want it to be. You just have to see that it's wrapped in beauty and hidden away in between the seconds of your life. If you don't stop for a minute, you might miss it." - Ben, from Cashback:
"If you hear a voice within you saying 'you cannot paint', then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced." - Vincent Van Gogh:
"Happiness can be found even in the darkest of times if one remembers to turn on the light" - Albus Dumbledore:
"Newton's first law of motion. An object at rest stays at rest and an object in motion stays in motion with the same speed and in the same direction unless acted upon by an unbalanced force." - Issac Newton:
"It doesn't always get worse. Take it one step at a time." - John Kelly:
"In later chapters, the Universe will seem different. The expansion of spacetime will make distant stars invisible, and the night skies will go dark. Perhaps life in the far future will wonder what it was like to live in the Universe's brilliant early days? We are lucky enough to know the answer. All we have to do is look up." - melodysheep:
"Allow yourself to look up into the night sky and see more than you did before. Do not feel small, insignificant, unimportant or pointless. Instead, thank you eyes, your brain, your body and your own silent companion throughout your life for allowing you consciousness at such an extraordinary time period where we can study these mysteries of existences that are so far away, and whatever you believe in don't allow this video or others to ever discourage that belief, whether it be god, science, aliens, the paranormal, or nothing. Instead, combine the knowledge we do know with your own beliefs and theories to see what depths of your own mind you can then explore. We too as human beings are made up of the same stuff as galaxies. Maybe we're not supposed to know. Maybe the true meaning of life, while you have it, is to simply give it some meaning." - The Top Tens:
"Talent is pursued interest. In other words, anything that you're willing to practice, you can do" - Bob Ross:
"Your future self is watching you right now through your memories." - Unknown:
"It's really hard to relax when you have something to do." - Kero Kero Bonito:
"We're either getting better, or we're getting worse." - David Goggins:
"You are in danger of living a life so comfortable and soft, that you will die without ever realizing your true potential." - David Goggins:
"Don't regret. Remember" - Marianne from Portrait of a Lady on Fire:
"You got two voices in your head.. You got that voice that makes you feel like shit, and you got the voice that keeps you calm and happy. That happy voice is always going to be pointing you towards the path of comfort and least-resitance. But its that negative voice, that "sucky" voice, that is the one you need to listen to. Thats the one that is telling the truth. By forcing yourself to do the things you hate to do, so that you can better yourself and your life, is what brings self-respect. And a strong sense of self-respect, leads to a fulfilling life." - David Goggins:
"You're an interesting species. An interesting mix. You're capable of such beautiful dreams, and such horrible nightmares. You feel so lost, so cut off, so alone, only you're not. See, in all our searching, the only thing we've found that makes the emptiness bearable, is each other." - Alien from Contact:
"I'm not running away. But this is one corner in one country in one continent in one planet that's a corner of a galaxy that is a corner of a universe that is forever growing and shrinking and creating and destroying and never remaining the same for a single millisecond. And this is so much, SO MUCH, to see, Amy. Because it goes so fast. I'm not running away from things. I'm running to them before they flare and fade forever. That's all right. Our lives would never remain the same. They can't. One day, soon maybe, you'll stop. I've known for a while." - Doctor Who:
"A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor." - Franklin D.Roosevelt:
"I run because if I didn’t, I’d be sluggish and glum and spend too much time on the couch. I run to breathe the fresh air. I run to explore. I run to escape the ordinary. I run to savor the trip along the way. Life becomes a little more vibrant, a little more intense. I like that." - Dean Karnazes:
"Don't tell me what I can't do" - John Locke:
"There is no gene for fate" - Gattaca:
"Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.":
"Do more things that will make you forget to check your phone.":
"I never use a napkin on my lap at a restaurant... because I believe in myself." - Hannibal Buress:
"How can the sky be the limit when there's footprints on the moon?" - Logic:
"Nothingness itself is something, and its very unstable, so it creates what we know as 'something'" - Nathan Steele:
"You and I... You and I are like one o'clock and eleven o'clock. You see, we are closer to each other than to others. Winning, losing, all that stuff is for the little people. Men like us, we jump to free our souls. We are the only two jumpers with a chance to make history today." - Matti Nykanen:
"The pursuit of looking young accentuates the fear of growing old. So maybe if we embraced growing old, embraced our wrinkles and other people's wrinkles, maybe marketers would have less fear to work with and magnify." - Matt Haig:
"Set your mind to something, put in the work to get there, execute the plan." - Courtney Dauwalter:
"People have forgotten what life is all about, they've forgotten what it feels like to be alive! They need to be reminded about what they have, and what they could loose." - Leonard from Awakenings:
"It doesn't always get worse. Take it one step at a time. Just aim for the next checkpoint/climb/mile/km. With that perspective it always seems manageable. Whereas if you hit a low point and you keep reminding yourself 'I still have 100 miles to go' that's rough." - John Kelly:
"Don't let yourself become convinced that you can't pull through something." - John Kelly:
"Do I know I can do it? No. But if I stop moving and ignore my plan that I know I won't" - John Kelly:
"How lucky I am to have something that makes saying goodbye hard." - Winnie The Pooh:
"Free time is the enemy of progress" - Casey Neistat:
"A 1 hour run is 4% of your day" - Anna Harding:
"A smile is the shortest distance between 2 strangers." - Unknown:
"Keep your head up in failure, and your head down in success" - Jerry Seinfield:
"I have no special talent. I am passionately curious" - Albert Einstein:
"You have unlimited potential when you know how to find the first step." - Unknown:
"Small steps" - Slance:
"HEPGECL (Happiness, Enjoyment, Proudness, Gratefulness, Excitedness, Commitment, Love)" - Slance:
"The Zone of Infinite Possibilities - When something annoys you, before you react think about what you want the outcome to be" - Slance:
"Bridges are the answers to everything in life" - Nathan Steele:
"The first feature of the new engine is it’s greatly increased ratio compression, represented by r minus 1 over r to the power of gamma, alternating between 9 and the power of xy squared duplicated by 32 and 88 point recurring, reduced by 19 alpha providing equal cubes of epsilon in serial circumference, aligned by three double governor values flowing radially to the point of 3.65 pi... With concentric rows of blading and alternating with fixed rows on the diagrams. The longitudinal pressure exerted on the turbine shafts is counterbalanced by a grooved piston at the hp at the end of the shaft, with locates to the power of 900abh.7, and is seen in the end elevation of the true line of cylinders at an angle of 65 degrees. This device renders the engine, completely silent!" - Mr. Memory: